WRITTEN BY: Alex L. AlexMalos AntonioHus CostinJ RobertL PaulH

The dark storm clouds roll across the sky as you start your journey across the Baklands. This stage of your trip will be the most testing yet. In front of you there is a road that forks in too, to the left there is a castle that appears abandoned, to the right there is an university.

2

The horseman gallop off to the north-east. A short white later, the leader stops and points out a group of carts and covered wagons, arragned in a circle, in the distance. We will take you to within walking distance of the caravan, he says, but no further. For they are armed and wary of strangers. At a trotting pace they take you within a few hundred yards of the camp. You dismount and they leave. You may now approach the caravan. Go to 137

137

A few hundred yards ahead of you is a camp of covered wagons and carts, arranged in a circle. A fire burns in the centre, and you can see bodies moving around the camp. You walk towards the caravan. Your approach is noticed and an arrow flies through the air, landing to your left. Another lands to your right.
Will you hold your hands in the air to show them you mean no harm (turn to 259) or retrace your steps and take a wide detour round the camp (turn to 61)?

GO TO 3
While you're wondering down the road, it started raining. You feel heavier each step you take as the rain pours into your clothes and start to wonder why you took on this road. You start running as fast as you can until you see a bus stop with a light, but as you get closer and closer you start to feel something in your gut. You see someone in the station, do you stop in the station to shield from the rain or do you continue running?
for stopping go to 10 for continue running go to 4
2
The horseman gallop off to the north-east. A short white later, the leader stops and points out a group of carts and covered wagons, arragned in a circle, in the distance. We will take you to within walking distance of the caravan, he says, but no further. For they are armed and wary of strangers. At a trotting pace they take you within a few hundred yards of the camp. You dismount and they leave. You may now approach the caravan. Go to 137

392

You hold your arms up in the air and walk slowly forward. To your relief, no more arrows are released, although you can see bowmen, with shafts at the ready, covering your approach. A crowd is gathering to see who you are and you are soon close enough to make out what sort of people are watching you. You have come across a caravan of Black Elves, presumably traders of some kind. As you enter the camp, they eye you suspiciously. An old Elf, slightly stouter than the rest, steps forward. If you seek shelter or food, he starts, 'then you waste your time with this caravan. What purpose have you wandering alone through the Baklands?' What will your reply be?
Will you claim to be a trader and ask to see their wares?
Will you tell him of your mission and ask about the Seven Serpents?
Will you tell him you are after food
Turn to 315
Turn to 37
Turn to 215
and shelter and that you will pay handsomely for their hospitality?